today I am accompanied in this video
because today I have the honor of telling in
house with a 1 ban has come this morning
and I'm extorting him with cookies
dog that we bought this morning
and let's go
you want one
I do not know what they are but it smells super good
of ham and cheese
seriously
if they did not look so bad so
if it's good, it's good
but no
to
yes
I like it
today I have seen that it is surely going
to see one by one input and exit the
flat around here because it's not going to be
still until he naps like that
that was good truth
today is a new video here in the section
of the stoke and is that yesterday Monday when
I uploaded a new photo to instagram in the
that announced what the book of
harry potter who played this week that
touches harry potter and the mystery of
prince 'but for this I need something
super super important to be able to not
just spend the afternoon or the beginning
mental but to activate a little and
is
a coffee that I'm telling you right now is
boiling but I would owe it but
then I realized one thing and
I want to tell you about it and they are the
wonderful joint readings
surely most of you already
you know what a reading is
joint is basically a challenge that you
you propose together with other people to
read the same novel within a period of
weather
you can read a novel 23 that you
you want and the term is variable in
function of the available time that you have
doing a little how my life has been
as a reader since I started with the
blog and since I started with the channel and
I realized that I have done a great
number of joint reading readings
joint of the seven novels of harry
potter of the six novels of jane
austen also that along with alan to the
readings of the trudi canavan novels
or even with other bloggers ebook I had
other romantic genre novels or
science fiction any other book that
it's the good thing about joint readings
because I like joint readings
which is a very positive element of power
participate in these types of challenges is that
you first share experiences with others
people with the case of reading
joint that we organize now in it
then we set out to read time
every day and be able to determine then in a
term of about six days that I think that
I had about six hundred pages each
book then one thing that you
you find is that you read every day
those 100 pages and then we could
commenting through social networks
and it was great because you could
exchange impressions see what is it
that we liked what is not
we squared off what theories we had about
what is going to happen then like
Today has not given you time to read the 100
pages that you had thought about and you
accumulate for the next day you have
the 100 pages that touch you that day more
the 100 pages of the previous day which
It's great because if you love the
plot you will read 200 pages at a stretch
and then it will almost cost you to leave the novel
but on the other hand you miss a day of
comment those 100 pages with the other
person because you get a yes that has
fulfilled its part of the goal but if
he has not given you all the advantages
that he saw the joint readings is
that under my point of view are
tremendously funny because
example the novels of jane austen i
I've read them a lot of times
but I had always read them alone now
I'm seeing them together with other
people just like a tweet through
of the hashtag lc jane austen and I make a
comment a comment that surely
it would stay in my mind if they read it
novel the law was for myself but that
Now I can share with other people
to be able to manifest it because that's what it's for
a joint reading to be able
externalize all the thoughts that
you have in your head and that sometimes you
you guard and that you can tell others
people to see if they think what
same because it's really ingenious and
I hope it's the bad part of participating in
a joint reading on these two things
that are bad so to speak person
together with the other people you
propose the goal of reading by
example 100 pages daily or 8
daily chapters but that when
finish reading those 100 pages or those
eight chapters you stay as saying
one page plus a chapter and tomás and al
end then you end up moving forward a lot
more in the plot
so in many cases it can be
that the objective that you mark is like this
as a little flexible then terms
reading you then 120 pages of the place
they said until the character appears
that he likes or solves a
plot that you had well in mind ok of
chapter in chapter a chapter then
ends is reading the novel of a
sitting
today I made coffee with cinnamon worth coffee
with milk with cinnamon and is very very
well you have tried us but the
coffee with milk with cinnamon and the second
so to speak bad that you see the
joint readings is that you for example
you can program reading together with another
person or together with other people
mark you the goal of reading by
example a book a week as is the
case of harry potter and in the case of
three first books is something very very
easy to get because they are books of
250 pages or a little thing like that but they arrive
the fat Harry Potter books that
just does not give you time to read them in a
week because you have other readings
or because you have 1,357 things to do
you prevent you can follow a
regular reading rhythm that you too
have you programmed then confessed that I think
that I have a problem regarding the
joint readings because one thing is
that you join a joint reading
because you really want to read that
book and you sign up like a reading
joint every four months and one thing is
that you are doing several readings
together at the same time and surely
is another person propose me hey patri te
I want to read you
blah blah talk with together and I will tell
if I will surely say yes because I
love the joint readings are very
fun and surely you can not have
material time at the end of the day to
to be able to read but if I have to stay
until 4 in the morning dedicating myself to
read those 100 pages that we have
I'm going to do it because I'm
It seems like something very funny watching
although I love the joint readings
and I greatly enjoy them I think that
for a season I'm going to keep a
little distance so that we have
liked as well as my reflection bar
comments on joint readings
literary challenges marathons and all these
confessed things that I am addicted to
the joint readings I love the
I enjoy and I would surely end
pointing to 20 or 30 more along what
that remains of the year so I hope that you
I really liked the video that you have
enjoyed this coffee with me and see you
In the video a little kiss bye
Hi all